https://codepen.io/belak98/pen/xxdVwzQ

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is a type of indentifying tag used to let the webpage know waht its looking at. 
    Gives meaning to the code instead of using multiple divs with classes.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create the framework of a website that allows CSS and Javascript to build off.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are apart of the HTML element, they add information to the element to modify it in some way, like the src in the img tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to give emphasis to text, usually used in page titles.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img tag and anchor tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The boilerplate, which includes the doctype and charset for example.
    7. What is an id? 
    It gives an html element a unique identifier. Usually used when you want to seperate 2 tags of the same type.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add id's to any type of tag.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    It should only be used once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is like an id in the way that its used to seperate tags, it identifies one set of tags from another group of tags.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Class can be used on any html element, it is considered a universal element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" after the href attribute in the tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Its for screen reader to identify what is on the page.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You create a CSS rule with the id name. im not really confident with what this is asking*
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section tag is semantic and tells the browser that the content inside is grouped together, a div container doesnt apply any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to add style to html code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Im not sure how to answer this question.. In CSS we can use the CSS rules and create something like
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to select and change multiple tags on one page, and an id is used when you want to make a single tag unique.
    class would be used as a blanket to cover mutlple tags that you want styled the same on a webpage.
    id is used in cases that you have multple of the same tags on one page and you just want to change one of them.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using a period.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it is a way to select all of the child elements of a parent tag, you could use this when making a list of some kind.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    (".sidebar > a")
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    something like :hover. it is a special keyword to specify a special state of the element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    we create a css rule and add the property of line-height and adjust it.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    create a css rule and add the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    use the text-transform property.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border:dotted black 5px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm , you have be careful because the file is deleted without prejudice, meaning that when its gone its gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you have a way to keep track of changes and a place to go back to in case something breaks.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as you can, but around every 20 mins is good practice.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork a repo, clone the repo on to your pc, cd into folder git checkout -b "branch-name", git add ., git commit -m "message", git push -u origin "branch-name", create a pull request, and post the link on canvas.
